c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\JonGame.exe
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\JonGame.pdb
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\obj\x86\Debug\JonGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\obj\x86\Debug\JonGame.exe
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\obj\x86\Debug\JonGame.pdb
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\PuristaSemiBold.xnb
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\Ball1.png
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\Ball2.png
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\Ball3.png
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\Ball4.png
c:\users\jonfelix.net\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JonGame\JonGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Sprites\Ball.png
